WHAT DO YOU THINK
OF THE VIEW, FRY?
IT REALLY PUTS THINGS
IN PERSPECTIVE.
I MEAN, FROM UP HERE,
AN ENTIRE WORLD
CAN SEEM UTTERLY
INSIGNIFICANT.
HEY, NICE SEATS.
WE'RE CLOSE ENOUGH THAT WHEN YOU
KNOCK A PLAYER DOWN
WITH A BEER BOTTLE,
HE STAYS DOWN.
I DON'T GET THIS.
IS BLERNSBALL EXACTLY
THE SAME AS BASEBALL?
BASEBALL?
GOD FORBID.
FACE IT, FRY.
BASEBALL WAS AS BORING
AS MOM AND APPLE PIE.
THAT'S WHY THEY
JAZZED IT UP.
BORING? BASEBALL WASN'T...
HMM, SO THEY
FINALLY JAZZED IT UP.
HOME RUN!
YAY, YAY!
RIGHT?
UGH.
OUT.
YEAH! YAY!
WHAT JUST HAPPENED?
WHY IS THE BALL ON
THAT SPROINGY THING?
IT'S TRADITIONAL,
JUST LIKE ALUMINUM BATS
AND THE
SEVENTH-INNING GROPE.
HEY, HEY, HEY!
I GOT ME A SOUVENIR.
AW, HERE YOU GO, KID.
I'D LIKE
A JUMBO SQUID LOG, PLEASE.
WE DON'T SELL THOSE.
ALL RIGHT, ALL RIGHT.
LET ME HAVE
ONE OF YOUR YOUNG ON A ROLL.
WE'RE OUT OF ROLLS.
FINE. JUST GIVE ME SOMETHING
CRAWLING WITH PARASITES.
HMM.
AT LEAST HOT DOGS
HAVEN'T CHANGED.
HEY, BUDDIES, WHO WANTS POPCORN?
OH, I'LL HAVE SOME.
OH, YEAH. POPCORN.
ANYONE WANT
BUTTER ON THAT?
HEY, I'M STARTING TO GET
THE HANG OF THIS GAME.
THE BLERNS ARE LOADED
THE COUNT'S THREE BLERNS
AND TWO ANTI-BLERNS
AND THE INFIELD BLERN RULE
IS IN EFFECT. RIGHT?
EXCEPT FOR THE WORD "BLERN,"
THAT WAS COMPLETE GIBBERISH.
MULTI-BALL!
BLERN!
BLER-R-R-RN!
ALL RIGHT! YES!
MILLER'S ON A PACE
TO HIT 70 BLERNS.
HE'S GOOD ALL RIGHT, BUT
HE'S NO CLEM JOHNSON.
AND JOHNSON PLAYED
BACK IN THE DAYS
BEFORE STEROID INJECTIONS
WERE MANDATORY.
CLEM JOHNSON?!
THAT SACK OF SKIN
WOULDN'T HAVE LASTED ONE PITCH
IN THE OLD ROBOT LEAGUES.
NOW, WIRELESS
JOE JACKSON...
THERE WAS A
BLERN-HITTING MACHINE.
EXACTLY, HE WAS A MACHINE
DESIGNED TO HIT BLERNS.
I MEAN, COME ON,
WIRELESS JOE WAS NOTHING
BUT A PROGRAMMABLE BAT
ON WHEELS.
OH, AND I SUPPOSE
PITCH-O-MAT 5000
WAS JUST
A MODIFIED HOWITZER.
YEP.
YOU KNOW, YOU HUMANS
ARE SO SCARED
OF A LITTLE ROBOT COMPETITION
YOU WON'T EVEN LET US
ON THE FIELD.
THERE'S ALL KINDS
OF ROBOTS DOWN THERE.
YEAH. DOING CRAP WORK.
THEY'RE BAT BOYS, BALL
POLISHERS, SPRINKLER SYSTEMS
BUT HOW MANY ROBOT MANAGERS
ARE THERE?
ELEVEN?
ZERO!
AND WHAT A SURPRISE.
LOOK WHO'S SCRAPING UP
THE FILTH.
IS IT A HUMAN CHILD?
I WISH.
WHOA! DEAR LORD!
WHAT'S WRONG?
OH, UH, IT'S...
MY... NEW PAGER.
THIS IS HERMES.
A PACKAGE JUST CAME IN.
EVERYONE NEEDS TO RETURN
TO THE OFFICE IMMEDIATELY.
GET AWAY, YOU FILTHY BIRD.
SHOO! SHOO!
PROFESSOR,
TURN ME OFF QUICK.
I'M SORRY. WHAT?
SEE YOU AT THE OFFICE.
ADMIT IT.
YOU ALL THINK ROBOTS
ARE JUST MACHINES
BUILT BY HUMANS TO MAKE
THEIR LIVES EASIER.
WELL, AREN'T THEY?
I'VE NEVER MADE
ANYONE'S LIFE EASIER
AND YOU KNOW IT.
GREAT NEWS,
EVERYONE.
YOU'LL BE DELIVERING
A PACKAGE TO CHAPEK 9...
A WORLD WHERE HUMANS
ARE KILLED ON SIGHT.
WHY IS THAT GREAT NEWS?
I'M GLAD YOU ASKED
THAT QUESTION, FRY.
YOU SEE, CHAPEK 9
WAS COLONIZED CENTURIES AGO
BY A MURDEROUS CREW
OF RADICAL ROBOT SEPARATISTS.
OH, SO JUST 'CAUSE A ROBOT
WANTS TO KILL HUMANS
THAT MAKES HIM A "RADICAL."
HEY, HOLD ON.
I UNDERSTAND THESE
ROBOTS HATE HUMANS
BUT HOW DO THEY FEEL
ABOUT HUMANOID ALIENS?
THEY'RE NOT FANS.
THAT'S WHY BENDER
WILL HAVE TO MAKE
THE ACTUAL DELIVERY.
OH, I GET IT...
MAKE THE ROBOT DO ALL THE WORK.
THIS IS THE FIRST
ACTUAL WORK
YOU'VE EVER HAD
TO DO AROUND HERE.
WELL, I'M NOT DOING IT.
IT'S A ROBOT HOLIDAY.
REALLY? WHICH ONE?
ONLY ROBANUKAH...
THE HOLIEST TWO WEEKS
ON THE ROBOT CALENDAR.
OH, COME ON, BENDER.
LAST MONTH IT WAS ROBAMADAN,
AND BEFORE THAT ROBANZAA.
MAN, THAT ONE WAS A BLAST.
IT WASN'T JUST A BLAST.
IT WAS A SACRED TRIBUTE
TO MY ANCESTRAL PROTOTYPES
WHICH HAPPENED TO TAKE THE FORM
OF A DRINKING CONTEST.
NOW, LOOK HERE, BENDER,
I RESPECT YOUR DIVERSITY
TO THE EXTENT THE LAW REQUIRES
BUT YOU USED UP
ALL YOUR DAYS OFF
WHEN YOU HAD
THAT BOUT WITH ROBERCULOSIS.
AW, ALL RIGHT, I'LL GO,
BUT SO HELP ME
I'LL HOLD A GRUDGE AGAINST
EVERY LAST STINKING ONE OF YOU
FOR THE REST OF YOUR LIVES.
WELL, THEN IT'S SETTLED.
SO LONG, EVERYONE.
SO, LET ME GET THIS STRAIGHT.
THIS PLANET IS
COMPLETELY UNINHABITED?
NO.
IT'S INHABITED BY ROBOTS.
OH, KIND OF LIKE
HOW A WAREHOUSE IS
INHABITED BY BOXES.
OKAY, BENDER
WE'RE HERE.
IT'S TIME TO GET TO WORK.
YES, MIZ LEELA,
TOTE THAT SPACE BARGE
LIFT THAT SPACE BALE.
NOW, WE CAN'T LAND
ON THE SURFACE
BECAUSE THOSE ROBOTS
WOULD KILL FRY AND ME.
SO, WE'LL HAVE
TO STAY UP HERE
AND LOWER YOU
WITH THE WINCH.
REMEMBER, YOU
DON'T KNOW HUMANS
YOU DON'T WORK
FOR HUMANS
AND ABOVE ALL, YOU
DON'T LIKE HUMANS.
I'LL TRY TO KEEP
THAT IN MIND.
HMM, HE SEEMS
PRETTY ANGRY.
YEAH, BUT I GUESS
I'D BE KIND OF ANGRY, TOO
IF I HAD TO GO
TO SOME UNINHABITED PLANET.
MAYBE WE OUGHT TO DO
SOMETHING NICE FOR HIM.
THERE, THIS OUGHTA SHOW
THAT STUPID ROBOT
WE CARE ABOUT HIM.
AH, BENDER MUST BE DONE
WITH THE DELIVERY.
I...
I'M IN TROUBLE.
THEY FOUND OUT I WORK
WITH HUMANS, AND...
OH NO. OH NO!
OH, MY GOD.
WE HAVE TO GO DOWN
AND RESCUE HIM.
NO, WE CAN'T.
THEY'LL KILL US
ON SIGHT.
W-W-WHAT ARE WE
GOING TO DO?
I DON'T KNOW. I DON'T KNOW.
IT'S NOT
AN EASY DECISION.
IF ONLY I HAD
TWO OR THREE MINUTES
TO THINK ABOUT IT.
IF WE'RE GOING TO SAVE BENDER
WE'VE GOT TO LOOK AND ACT
EXACTLY LIKE ROBOTS.
I AM FULLY OPERATIONAL,
CAPTAIN.
WE'LL HAVE TO
WALK LIKE ROBOTS
TALK LIKE ROBOTS,
AND IF NECESSARY
SOLVE COMPLEX DIFFERENTIAL
EQUATIONS LIKE ROBOTS.
I CAN SORT OF DANCE
LIKE A ROBOT.
WILL THAT HELP?
OH, FRY, FIRST OF ALL,
THIS IS SERIOUS.
AND SECOND OF ALL...
MAN, WE LOOK STUPID.
WE SHOULD HAVE GOTTEN
STORE-BOUGHT COSTUMES.
YEAH, BUT THERE WASN'T
A WOOLWORTH'S IN THIS QUADRANT.
HALT!
BE YOU ROBOT OR HUMAN?
ROBOT... WE BE.
UH, YEP.
JUST TWO ROBOTS
OUT ROBOTING IT UP.
EH?
ADMINISTER THE TEST.
WHICH OF THE FOLLOWING
WOULD YOU MOST PREFER:
A, A PUPPY
B, A PRETTY FLOWER
FROM YOUR SWEETIE
OR C, A LARGE
PROPERLY FORMATTED DATA FILE?
CHOOSE!
UH, IS THE PUPPY
MECHANICAL
IN ANY WAY?
NO, IT IS THE BAD
KIND OF PUPPY.
THEN WE'LL GO
WITH THAT DATA FILE.
CORRECT.
THE FLOWER WOULD ALSO
HAVE BEEN ACCEPTABLE.
YOU MAY PASS.
NOW, IF YOU SEE ANY ROBOTS
JUST STAY OUT OF THEIR WAY.
SO FAR, SO GOOD.
LITTLE TO THE RIGHT...
THERE YOU GO.
HAVE YOU SEEN THIS ROBOT?
SORRY, CAN'T
HELP YOU.
HEY, WATCH IT!
DON'T DROP THAT THERE.
OH...
COME ON, FRY,
WALK LIKE A ROBOT.
I CAN'T. I HAVE TO GO
TO THE BATHROOM.
ROBOTS DON'T
HAVE BATHROOMS.
OH, RIGHT.
I WONDER WHERE THEY SMOKE
IN HIGH SCHOOL?
LISTEN, JUST GO BEHIND
THOSE GARBAGE CANS.
I'LL STAND GUARD.
HURRY UP, FRY.
SIR, ARE YOU AWARE
THAT YOU'RE
LEAKING COOLANT
AT AN ALARMING RATE?
UH...
LET ME JUST
PATCH YOU UP
WITH SOME HOT RESIN.
I THINK THE LEAK'S
STOPPING ITSELF.
WAIT... WAIT.
YEAH... THERE WE GO.
WAIT... YEAH.
WHAT SORT OF ROBOT
TURNS DOWN A FREE BLAST
OF SEARING HOT RESIN?
UH...
I'M SORRY, UH,
MY FRIEND AND I
HAVE TO GO PERFORM
SOME MINDLESS REPETITIVE TASKS.
OH... SOUNDS LIKE
A ROMANTIC EVENING.
I WON'T KEEP YOU.
GET THE HUMANOID.
GET THE INTRUDER.
INTRUDER ALERT!
QUICK, LET'S
DUCK IN HERE.
WE INTERRUPT THIS SOUND FILE
TO BRING YOU A TERRIFYING
ANNOUNCEMENT.
A NON-METALLIC BEING
HAS BEEN SIGHTED
IN THE VICINITY
OF MAKE-OUT POINT.
SAY, WENDY, YOUR CHASSIS
IS A LITTLE SCUFFED.
MIND IF I POLISH
IT FOR YOU?
DID YOU HEAR THAT, RUSTY?
IT SOUNDED
LIKE A HUMAN.
RELAX, WENDY.
HUMANS WILL NEVER COME
TO OUR DEFENSELESS
LITTLE TOWN.
IT'S PERFECTLY SAFE
TO LET OUR GUARD DOWN...
EVEN FOR A SECOND.
I WILL EAT AND DIGEST YOU ALL
WITH MY SYSTEM OF MIGHTY ORGANS.
BEHOLD!
WOW! THE 3-D's GREAT!
MINE'S NOT WORKING.
FUNNY, ISN'T IT?
THE HUMAN WAS IMPERVIOUS
TO OUR MOST POWERFUL
MAGNETIC FIELDS
YET IN THE END, HE SUCCUMBED
TO A HARMLESS SHARPENED STICK.
I'M JUST GLAD
THE NIGHTMARE
IS OVER.
IT'LL NEVER BE
OVER, WENDY.
EVEN NOW, HUMANS ARE LURKING
IN OUR PLAYGROUNDS
OUR BREEZEWAYS...
PERHAPS EVEN...
OUR MOVIE THEATERS.
GOD HELP US!
OKAY, KEEP AN EYE OUT
FOR BENDER.
SO WHAT DID
YOU THINK OF
THE MOVIE?
UH... TOO MUCH
ROMANCE
NOT ENOUGH
HUMAN KILLING.
YEAH, IT WAS
A REAL CHICK FLICK.
WHAT'S THAT?
WHAT DO YOU MEAN, WHAT'S THAT?
IT'S 5:00
TIME FOR THE DAILY
HUMAN HUNT.
TRY TO STAY WITH THE CROWD
SO NO ONE NOTICES
HOW CRUMMY YOU LOOK.
AW, THAT WAS
UNCALLED FOR.
I'M OVER HERE.
I HEARD A HUMAN WAS
DRAINING COOLANT
BEHIND GARBAGE CAN 738.
I HEARD THEY UNSCREW
OUR LUG NUTS AT NIGHT
AND EAT THEM
AT THEIR HUMAN BRUNCHES.
WELCOME TO A VERY SPECIAL
HUMAN HUNT.
WE HAVE WITH US TODAY
A GUEST
WHOSE IRRATIONAL HATRED
FOR HUMANS
MAKES ME LOOK LIKE
A HUMAN SYMPATHIZER.
A NEWLY ARRIVED REFUGEE
FROM EARTH...
LET'S HEAR IT FOR BENDER!
IT'S HIM.
HE'S OKAY.
DEATH TO HUMANS!
AH, IT'S GOOD
TO HEAR HIS VOICE.
MANY SAID I WAS TOO EXTREME
WHEN I FIRST CALLED
FOR THE ANNIHILATION
OF THE HUMAN SPECIES
AS WELL AS SOME
OF THE MORE CUNNING MONKEYS
BUT AFTER LIVING ON EARTH
I CAN TELL YOU THAT I AM,
IF ANYTHING, TOO MERCIFUL.
MY GOD, HE'S
BECOME EVIL.
I MEAN, EVILLER.
THANK YOU. THANK YOU.
AND IF YOU ENJOYED THAT DIATRIBE
THEN YOU'LL WANT TO PURCHASE
MY SPOKEN-WORD ALBUM.
JUST $18.95.
ACT NOW AND YOU'LL GET
THIS BENDER ACTION FIGURINE.
BITE MY SHINY
METAL ASS.
GOT TO HAVE IT!
RIGHT HERE!
OVER HERE!
LET THE HUNT BEGIN!
NOW, YOUR BASIC HUMAN IS BETWEEN
THREE AND 25 FEET TALL
AND IS MADE OF A HAIRY, OILY GOO
WRAPPED IN A T-SHIRT.
IS IT TRUE
THEY BITE YOUR NECK
AND SUCK YOUR
TRANSMISSION FLUID
AND THEN YOU BECOME
A HUMAN?
SURE, WHY NOT.
ANYTHING IN THE TRAP?
NOTHING.
TODAY'S ACTIVE HUMANS
PREFER A LOW-CALORIE BAIT.
WELL, THAT MAKES 146,000
UNSUCCESSFUL HUNTS IN A ROW
BUT I'VE GOT A GOOD
FEELING ABOUT TOMORROW.
WAIT.
WHAT'S THAT?
OH, THAT'S THE
OLD, ABANDONED
ADULT BOOKSTORE.
NOTHING IN THERE,
EXCEPT MAYBE
A FEW SHREDS OF MOLDY,
OLD ROBOT PORNOGRAPHY.
HMM.
SOUNDS LIKE A BREEDING GROUND
FOR HUMANS.
I BETTER CHECK IT OUT.
OH, YEAH.
YOU'RE A BAD GIRL,
AREN'T YOU?
PSST! BENDER.
WHA-WHAT?
OH, YOU?!
WHAT THE HELL ARE
YOU DOING HERE?
WE'VE BEEN LOOKING FOR YOU.
LAST WE HEARD, YOU WERE UNDER
ARREST AS A HUMAN SYMPATHIZER.
I WAS... BUT THEY LET ME GO
WHEN I TOLD THEM
I KILLED
A MILLION BILLION HUMANS.
GOOD FOR YOU.
NOW, LET'S ALL GET
BACK TO THE SHIP.
WHAT FOR?
WE'RE RESCUING YOU.
I DON'T WANT TO BE RESCUED.
SAY WHAT?
I LOVE THIS PLANET.
I'VE GOT WEALTH, FAME
AND ACCESS
TO THE DEPTHS OF SLEAZE
THAT THOSE THINGS BRING.
BUT, BENDER,
WE'RE YOUR FRIENDS.
FRIENDS? THAT ACTIVATES
MY HILARITY UNIT.
I'M JUST
A MACHINE TO YOU.
YOU'RE NO MORE
FRIENDS WITH ME
THAN YOU ARE
WITH THE TOASTER
OR THE PHONOGRAPH,
OR THE ELECTRIC CHAIR.
THAT'S NOT TRUE.
WELL, THAT'S
HOW IT FEELS TO ME.
BYE, BENDER.
I'LL MISS YOU.
OH, GO ON.
GET OUT OF HERE
BEFORE YOU GET CAUGHT.
BENDER, GOOD NEWS.
YOUR ALBUM JUST
WENT GOLD.
WHAT THE...?
IT'S THE HUMANS!
BENDER, DO SOMETHING!
GOT YOU, YOU MURDEROUS
FLESH-PILES.
YOUR HONOR, I INTEND
TO DEMONSTRATE
BEYOND 0.5 PERCENT OF A DOUBT
THAT THESE HUMANS
BEFORE US
ARE GUILTY OF THE CRIME
OF BEING HUMANS.
COME TO THINK OF IT,
I REST MAY CASE.
THANK YOU, PROSECUTOR.
I WILL NOW CONSIDER
THE EVIDENCE.
HEY, WAIT A MINUTE.
ISN'T ANYONE GOING
TO DEFEND US?
YEAH. I MEAN, HE MAY NOT
HAVE A CASE
BUT I'M GENUINELY NOT
A HUMAN.
QUIET, HUMAN!
UH-OH.
HE FROZE UP AGAIN.
TRY CONTROL-ALT-DELETE.
JIGGLE THE CORD.
TURN HIM OFF AND ON.
CLEAN THE GUNK
OUT OF THE MOUSE.
CALL TECHNICAL SUPPORT.
OKAY, OKAY,
HE'S BACK ON-LINE.
I FIND THE DEFENDANTS GUILTY.
NO!
LOOK, ONE EYE.
ONE.
NOT HUMAN.
THE HUMANS ARE HEREBY SENTENCED
TO LIVE AS ROBOTS LIVE ON EARTH.
THEY WILL PERFORM
TEDIOUS CALCULATIONS
AND SPOT-WELD
AUTOMOBILES
UNTIL THEY BECOME
OBSOLETE
AND ARE GIVEN AWAY
TO AN INNER-CITY
MIDDLE SCHOOL.
GREAT WORK,
BENDER.
YOU'VE TAUGHT US
TO HATE HUMANS
ALL OVER AGAIN.
ARE YOU ALL RIGHT?
OH, YEAH.
WHO ARE YOU?
WE ARE THE ROBOT ELDERS.
YOU DON'T LOOK VERY OLD.
THANKS.
WE TRY TO TAKE CARE
OF OURSELVES.
WHAT'S GOING ON HERE?
SILENCE! BRING IN BENDER.
UH, LET'S MAKE THIS QUICK.
I'M DUE AT THE OPENING
OF A MINI-MALL.
HEY! WHAT IS THIS?
SILENCE.
IT IS TIME TO PUT THE HUMANS
TO DEATH.
BUT THE JUDGE
ALREADY SENTENCED
US AT THE TRIAL.
SILENCE.
THAT WAS JUST A SHOW
FOR THE PUBLIC.
WE ARE THE TRUE RULERS
OF THIS PLANET.
HAND-CARVED FROM METEORITES
BY THE ROBOT FOUNDERS
OVER FOUR CENTURIES AGO.
SILENCE! COME FORWARD, BENDER.
YOU WILL HAVE THE HONOR OF
EXECUTING THE PRISONERS.
SILENCE! I CONCUR.
HERE...
USE THE CEREMONIAL
KILLAMAJIG.
UH... I'M A LITTLE
TIRED RIGHT NOW.
WOULD IT BE ALL RIGHT
IF I JUST GAVE THEM
A SAVAGE BEATING?
NO! THE ELDERS
HAVE SPOKEN.
SHOW US THE KILLING SKILLS
THAT HAVE MADE YOU
A MEDIA DARLING.
DO IT NOW.
KILL THEM BEFORE THEY BRING DOWN
OUR WHOLE SOCIETY.
DO IT. DO IT. DO IT.
DO IT. DO IT. DO IT. DO IT.
OH...
I CAN'T KILL THEM.
PLENTY OF HUMANS HAVE
MISTREATED ROBOTS
BUT NOT THESE TWO.
THEY'RE MY FRIENDS.
HUMANS ARE NO
THREAT TO US.
THEY'RE STUPID,
PUTRID COWARDS.
DAMN RIGHT!
THE FACT IS, HUMANS ARE
COMPLETELY HARMLESS.
WE'RE WELL AWARE OF THAT.
YOU ARE?
OF COURSE.
BUT THEY'RE USEFUL
TO US AS A SCAPEGOAT
TO DISTRACT THE PUBLIC
FROM THEIR REAL PROBLEMS.
LIKE OUR CRIPPLING
LUG NUT SHORTAGE.
AND A CORRUPT GOVERNMENT
OF INCOMPETENT ROBOT ELDERS.
DUH... THAT'S FOR SURE.
QUIET, JIMMY.
WELL, I'M GLAD WE GOT
ALL THAT OUT IN THE OPEN.
WE'LL JUST LET
OURSELVES OUT.
SILENCE! YOU ALL KNOW TOO MUCH.
ELDERS, EXECUTE FUNCTION
CONTROL-SHIFT-KILL.
STOP!
TAKE ONE MORE STEP
AND I'LL BREATHE
FIRE ON YOU!
HE'LL DO IT.
HE'S CRAZY.
CAN THEY REALLY
BREATHE FIRE
OR DID WE MAKE THAT UP?
GEE, I CAN'T REMEMBER
ANYMORE.
IT MIGHT JUST BE
FROM THAT STUPID MOVIE.
WAS THAT ORIGINAL
OR THE REMAKE?
I DON'T...
HEY! THEY'RE GETTING AWAY!
YEP.
SO LONG, SUCKERS.
UH... HELLO, SUCKERS.
HEY, HOLD ON A SECOND.
I FORGOT TO DELIVER
THE PACKAGE.
WHOA!
LUG NUTS! PRECIOUS LUG NUTS!
HOORAY FOR THE HUMANS!
WOW, I CAN'T BELIEVE YOU GUYS
DID ALL THIS FOR ME.
THIS IS THE BEST ROBANUKAH EVER.
WE WANTED TO SHOW YOU
THAT WE REALLY DO RESPECT
YOUR ROBOT HERITAGE.
AW, THANKS.
YOU DO KNOW
THAT I MADE ROBANUKAH UP
TO GET OUT OF WORK, RIGHT?
OF COURSE.
BUT THAT DOESN'T MAKE IT
ANY LESS MEANINGFUL.
IN THAT CASE...
LET THE DANCING BEGIN!
HEY, YOU GUYS ARE GOOD.
HOW THE HELL DO YOU DO THAT?